coding pack docs page with latest feedback (#3978)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/coding-pack-python.md

MetaDescription: Installation and support information for the Coding Pack for Python.
MetaSocialImage: images/tutorial/social.png
---

# Coding Pack for Python

The Coding Pack for Python helps you quickly set up a Python coding environment with Visual Studio Code. The standalone installer helps you install a Python interpreter, Visual Studio Code, extensions that provide support for Python in Visual Studio Code, and a number of common and useful Python packages.

## What's installed by the Coding Pack for Python

The Coding Pack for Python installs the key components you need to use Visual Studio Code for Python development. Specifically, it installs:

- Visual Studio Code
- The Python, Pylance, and Gather VS Code extensions
- The Python runtime (CPython 3.8.5)
- Useful Python packages
  - jupyter
  - numpy
  - sklearn
  - pandas
  - Matplotlib

Along with the tools and packages necessary for Python development, the Coding Pack also configures common user settings and PowerShell. This includes Python extension settings, such as the default interpreter and language server, as well as execution policies to allow for virtual environment activation in the terminal.

> >**Note**: If there was an existing version of Visual Studio Code installed on your machine, your settings.json will not be overwritten and you’ll need to configure Python settings yourself.

Reviewer: Can we move this below the Getting started section? Just trying to keep the main CTA (the download link) above the fold.

Author: Sure thing, changed in the latest push.

## Getting started

With the Coding Pack for Python it's easy to get started developing with Python and VS Code.

1. [Download](https://aka.ms/coding-pack-for-python-win) and run the Coding Pack for Python installer.

>    >**Note**: The installer only supports installation on 64-bit Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >**Note**: The installer only supports Windows 10 64-bit. This download is 200MB, and up to 100MB will be downloaded during installation.
```

1. Launch Visual Studio Code and start coding!

   ![Coding Pack for Python installation complete screen](images/coding-pack/coding-pack-python-install-03.png)

>**Note**: If there are any issues installing components, you can use the steps discussed in [Manual installation](#manual-installation)

## Manual installation

If you have any problems during installation, the following manual steps can be used to complete your installation.

### Visual Studio Code and the Python extension

1. If there was an issue installing VS Code, you can install it from [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
1. Once VS Code is installed, you can install the [Python extension for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python) from the Visual Studio Marketplace. For additional details about installing extensions, see [Extension Marketplace](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-gallery). The Python extension is named **Python** and is published by Microsoft.

      [![Python extension on Marketplace](images/coding-pack/python-extension-marketplace-install.jpg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python)

### Python interpreter

> 1. If there was an issue installing the Python interpreter, you can install Python 3.8 from the [Microsoft Store](https://www.microsoft.com/p/python-38/9mssztt1n39l?activetab=pivot:overviewtab). Along with the Python extension, you need to install a Python interpreter for development with Python. There are other options for installing the Python interpreter, such as directly from [Python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/), and which interpreter you use is dependent on your specific needs. If you use the Python.org version, you can typically use the **Download Python** button that appears first on the page to download the latest version. Just make sure to uncheck the "Install launcher for all users" box if you don't have admin access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If there was an issue installing the Python interpreter, you can install Python 3.8 from the [Microsoft Store](https://www.microsoft.com/store/apps/9MSSZTT1N39L?cid=vscode-docs). Along with the Python extension, you need to install a Python interpreter for development with Python. There are other options for installing the Python interpreter, such as directly from [Python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/), and which interpreter you use is dependent on your specific needs. If you use the Python.org version, you can typically use the **Download Python** button that appears first on the page to download the latest version. Just make sure to uncheck the "Install launcher for all users" box if you don't have admin access.
```

Updated the link to the Store page.

> If you use the Python.org version, you can typically use the **Download Python** button that appears first on the page to download the latest version.

Just a heads up that in about a month this button will change to Python 3.9. We might be better linking to https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-385/

Author: Changed in the latest push.
